[main]
host = https://www.transifex.com

[o:lfleischer:p:calcurse:r:calcurse]
file_filter = po/<lang>.po
source_file = po/calcurse.pot
source_lang = en

[o:lfleischer:p:calcurse:r:doc-add]
file_filter = po/doc/add-<lang>.po
source_file = po/doc/add.pot
source_lang = en

[o:lfleischer:p:calcurse:r:doc-config]
file_filter = po/doc/config-<lang>.po
source_file = po/doc/config.pot
source_lang = en

[o:lfleischer:p:calcurse:r:doc-copy-paste]
file_filter = po/doc/copy-paste-<lang>.po
source_file = po/doc/copy-paste.pot
source_lang = en

[o:lfleischer:p:calcurse:r:doc-credits]
file_filter = po/doc/credits-<lang>.po
source_file = po/doc/credits.pot
source_lang = en

[o:lfleischer:p:calcurse:r:doc-delete]
file_filter = po/doc/delete-<lang>.po
source_file = po/doc/delete.pot
source_lang = en

[o:lfleischer:p:calcurse:r:doc-displacement]
file_filter = po/doc/displacement-<lang>.po
source_file = po/doc/displacement.pot
source_lang = en

[o:lfleischer:p:calcurse:r:doc-edit]
file_filter = po/doc/edit-<lang>.po
source_file = po/doc/edit.pot
source_lang = en

[o:lfleischer:p:calcurse:r:doc-enote]
file_filter = po/doc/enote-<lang>.po
source_file = po/doc/enote.pot
source_lang = en

[o:lfleischer:p:calcurse:r:doc-export]
file_filter = po/doc/export-<lang>.po
source_file = po/doc/export.pot
source_lang = en

[o:lfleischer:p:calcurse:r:doc-flag]
file_filter = po/doc/flag-<lang>.po
source_file = po/doc/flag.pot
source_lang = en

[o:lfleischer:p:calcurse:r:doc-general]
file_filter = po/doc/general-<lang>.po
source_file = po/doc/general.pot
source_lang = en

[o:lfleischer:p:calcurse:r:doc-goto]
file_filter = po/doc/goto-<lang>.po
source_file = po/doc/goto.pot
source_lang = en

[o:lfleischer:p:calcurse:r:doc-import]
file_filter = po/doc/import-<lang>.po
source_file = po/doc/import.pot
source_lang = en

[o:lfleischer:p:calcurse:r:doc-intro]
file_filter = po/doc/intro-<lang>.po
source_file = po/doc/intro.pot
source_lang = en

[o:lfleischer:p:calcurse:r:doc-other]
file_filter = po/doc/other-<lang>.po
source_file = po/doc/other.pot
source_lang = en

[o:lfleischer:p:calcurse:r:doc-pipe]
file_filter = po/doc/pipe-<lang>.po
source_file = po/doc/pipe.pot
source_lang = en

[o:lfleischer:p:calcurse:r:doc-priority]
file_filter = po/doc/priority-<lang>.po
source_file = po/doc/priority.pot
source_lang = en

[o:lfleischer:p:calcurse:r:doc-reload]
file_filter = po/doc/reload-<lang>.po
source_file = po/doc/reload.pot
source_lang = en

[o:lfleischer:p:calcurse:r:doc-repeat]
file_filter = po/doc/repeat-<lang>.po
source_file = po/doc/repeat.pot
source_lang = en

[o:lfleischer:p:calcurse:r:doc-save]
file_filter = po/doc/save-<lang>.po
source_file = po/doc/save.pot
source_lang = en

[o:lfleischer:p:calcurse:r:doc-tab]
file_filter = po/doc/tab-<lang>.po
source_file = po/doc/tab.pot
source_lang = en

[o:lfleischer:p:calcurse:r:doc-view]
file_filter = po/doc/view-<lang>.po
source_file = po/doc/view.pot
source_lang = en

[o:lfleischer:p:calcurse:r:doc-vnote]
file_filter = po/doc/vnote-<lang>.po
source_file = po/doc/vnote.pot
source_lang = en

